
Lab 2: Team and Individual Goals and Feedback
Dr. Eric Vance
2019-08-26
Overall Description of Lab 2

Due: 5:00PM Friday, September 6 on OSF

    Using R Markdown and editing via GitHub/GitKraken, you will create a team document for this Lab Assignment 2.
    Individually you will create an “About Me” section and provide feedback to your teammates on their “About Me” sections.
    You will collaboratively create a team section for your LA2 document.

Instructions for Lab 2

    Create a team Lab Assignment 2 document using R Markdown. Any format (HTML, PDF, or Word) is acceptable.
    On that team document, there will be a team section and individual sections for each team member. The team section must include a team photo (all of you), your team name, and your team’s main goal for this semester for this course (i.e., what does your team want to accomplish by the end of the semester?).
    Each individual must complete the individual assignment, which consists of two parts:

    Individual section Part 1: About you (see details below)
    Individual section Part 2: Feedback to your teammates on their Parts 1.

    Collaboratively edit your R Markdown source document using GitHub/GitKraken to manage your team’s changes and to avoid or manage version conflicts.
    Submit your team’s final LA2 document on OSF.io by 5:00PM, Friday, Jan 25. Submit both your .Rmd file and your .html/.pdf/.docx file. Your filenames should follow the pattern of “Lab2_TeamName.Rmd”.

Details on what is expected from the LA2 document

Part 1: Your individual “About Me” section must include:

    A photo of yourself
    At least one (non-statistics) question you would like to know the answer to that could be answered by analyzing data
    What you would love to be doing six months after graduation and then five years after that (what would make you excited to be doing?)
    What you hope your greatest career accomplishment will be
    …and given these hopes and goals, what you are hoping to learn/accomplish/do in this course
    You must also include something of your own choosing not described above. Anything. Be creative!

Part 2: Give feedback:

    You must give feedback to your teammates on their assignment. Give your feedback with the intention to help your teammate improve his or her IA2 contribution. Be specific. Provide feedback on specific items that your teammate did well and on specific things they could do to improve their LA2.
    Everyone on your team must get feedback from every teammate.

The intended audience for your team document is your teammates, the professor, and your future self.
Some intended outcomes from this assignment:

    You will learn how to create documents in RStudio using R Markdown
    You and your team will learn how to effectively edit a file collaboratively on GitHub/GitKraken
    You will think about what you want to accomplish in life and how this course relates to that
    Your teammates and the professor will learn something more about you.
    You get practice giving your teammates feedback.
    You will get practice receiving feedback and using it to improve your work.
    Your team gets practice submitting a document to OSF.
    Your team gets practice working together so that everyone receives feedback before the assignment is due (one person can’t wait to the last minute to complete the assignment, because then he or she won’t have given their teammates time to give feedback)

